Iteration 1:

630 or so training images, slit into 500 training 130 validation images, all of ONLY laurence or me.

Augmented data learning on a 7 Convo layer deep CNN achieved 100% on the validation set of images also of ONLY me and laurence, and 82% 
on images of ONLY laurence's mum, dad and sister (who were not used in training the model at all).

!!!!! Mobile net with transfer learning layers unlocked after layer 20 till the end produced 98.65% accuracy on the same testing set as 
above!!!! Calculation time is about 80ms per prediction

Unlocking only layers 30 and after drops testing accuracy to about 82-85%. Similarly unlocking all layers after layer 10 for retraining
also drops testing accuracy to 82% ish. Unlocking 

Iteration 2:

Iteration 1 had only images of Laurence and me (Greg) in the training and validation data. It also had a strong propensity to classify 
hands held around head height in a guard stance or around the centre of the body crossed or not as a right punch which comprised the
majority of its misclassification. Dataset iteration 2 is up to 989 images, of which the new images are a combination of me, Laurence, 
Mark and Maddy holding a variety of "guard" positions with our hands held up around our heads or mid-body labelled as "no-punch" to 
attempt to train the model out of misclassifying this category of poses. As such this is the first iteration that includes (a 
proportionately small) ammount of images of people other than Laurence or I in the training and validation sets.

Running a 7 layer deep conv2D network (the same that produced the peak 82% test accuracy in iteration 1) produced an accuracy of 88%,
a substantial improvement for relatively little effort and a little deliberate error rectification (we posed infront of a livefeed of our
model parsing data out of a webcam to deduce that the model really did not like hands held raised around the midbody in terms of falsely
thinking a punching action was taking place).

MobileNet with pretained ImageNet weights retrained with the final 20 layers unlocked produced 100% on our (admittedly) small testing sample
of only people other than Laurence or me...! Going forward we will have a bigger and more diverese testing set to try and make our model
increasingly robust over a large variety of people.
